[doc] Documentation update for --show-suppressed flag (#5230)
pmd/pmd: docs/pages/pmd/userdocs/cli_reference.md

               description="Path to a file to which report output is written. The file is created if it does not exist. If this option is not specified, the report is rendered to standard output."
    %}
    {% include custom/cli_option_row.html options="--show-suppressed"
               description="Causes the suppressed rule violations to be added to the report (xml and html formats only)."

>                languages="html, xml"

Reviewer: This options is not dependent on the language, but on the renderer, that is used (option `--format`). So we shouldn't add the "languages" attribute here.

I guess, this other sentence should be updated as well:
https://github.com/pmd/pmd/blob/1acaedc158e733cdd10ca771be97417c55991e37/docs/pages/pmd/userdocs/pmd_report_formats.md?plain=1#L21

something like: "... and if the format supports showing suppressed violations. Currently only html, summaryhtml and xml show suppressed violations."

We actually have this already here:
https://github.com/pmd/pmd/blob/1acaedc158e733cdd10ca771be97417c55991e37/docs/pages/pmd/userdocs/pmd_report_formats.md?plain=1#L15

> Not all report formats display all information.

Both are from this documentation page: https://docs.pmd-code.org/latest/pmd_userdocs_report_formats.html

Note: for the CSV format, we have this explicitly documented:
https://docs.pmd-code.org/latest/pmd_userdocs_report_formats.html#csv

> Suppressed violations or errors are ignored.

>                description="Causes the suppressed rule violations to be added to the report (xml and html formats only)."
>                languages="html, xml"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               description="Causes the suppressed rule violations to be added to the report if supported by the report format. See [PMD Report formats](pmd_userdocs_report_formats.html) for details."
```

If we change this here, we should also change it in the code, so that this information is also shown at the command line (`--help`):
https://github.com/pmd/pmd/blob/1acaedc158e733cdd10ca771be97417c55991e37/pmd-cli/src/main/java/net/sourceforge/pmd/cli/commands/internal/PmdCommand.java#L141

```diff
-@Option(names = "--show-suppressed", description = "Report should show suppressed rule violations.")
+@Option(names = "--show-suppressed", description = "Report should show suppressed rule violations if supported by the report format.")
```
